ipv4 addon docs (#20659)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/ipv4-address.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'
import { Admonition } from 'ui'

export const meta = {
  title: 'IPv4 Address',
  description: 'Attach an IPv4 address to your database',
  subtitle: 'Attach an IPv4 address to your database',
}

From 26th January 2024, we will begin migrating projects to IPv6. To read more about why we are doing this migration, read [this blog post](https://supabase.com/blog/ipv6) and [this discussion](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/17817) for how to prepare for the migration. As a summary, AWS will [start charging for IPv4 addresses](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-aws-public-ipv4-address-charge-public-ip-insights/).

The add-on is $4 per month - we're passing on the AWS costs to you. The add-on is available for all paid plans.

## When is this add-on required?

This add-on is not required if any of these conditions are met

> - you are connecting to the database via Supavisor, our connection pooler.

Reviewer: "only connecting"?

- you are connecting via any of our client libraries.

> - If you are connecting to the database directly and the network from which you are connecting to the database is able to resolve IPv6 addresses.

Reviewer: the network ... supports IPv6 connections (since you can resolve and still fail to connect)

This add-on is only required if you are connecting to the database directly from an IPv6 incompatible network.

<Admonition type="note" label="Add-on has no impact on PGBouncer removal">

When you purchase this add-on, your project won't be migrated to IPv6. PGBouncer will still be removed for the project according to the timeline mentioned in [this discussion](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/17817);

</Admonition>

## Enabling the add-on

You can now enable the IPv4 add-on in your project [add-on settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/addons) page.

<Admonition type="caution" label="Downtime when add-on is toggled.">
  Note that there might be some downtime when toggling the add-on since some DNS clients might have

>   cached DNS entry and it might take some time for the DNS entry to propagate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cached the old DNS entry and it might take some time for the updated DNS entry to be picked up. Generally, this should be less than a minute.
```
